1. https://devfolio.co/submissions/complaints-hub
  
  It provides a unified platform for 5 caregories of commonly occuring problems for instance, 
drainage in the locality, 
that demands instant action by government authorities. 
Our platform helps to bridge up the communication gap between the consumer and authority, finds internally area of service of authority( which they have themselves selected through our web-app) and helps you draft associated media, 
location hassle free.


2. https://devfolio.co/submissions/maa-maternal-assistance-app

  https://github.com/blackwolf08/hackinit_maa_tools_ct
  
  India is highly populated and it needs effective healthcare accessible to all. 
In Indian culture, the relationship between the mother and her child is considered to be the purest of all. 
So the family cannot compromise with the health care of both the baby and the mother.
 There are few apps available in the market but none of them are designed and developed according to the need of an Indian mother. 
It is not feasible for a mother to interact with the doctor every time with each and every minute details and help. 
The post-pregnancy phase is also as essential as the pregnancy phase and needs special assistance for the mother and her child's overall development. 
The parents in rural areas usually are not aware of the basic information regarding pregnancy and parenting phase.
 There are various government healthcare institutes 
and schemes available but is not properly promoted and available among the needed citizens.


3. https://devfolio.co/submissions/lifeline
 

  It will increase lifesaving Chance of patients as each second in valuable in life and death situation. 
To set up a blood repository which contains the data of the availability of that blood group in various Hospital.
To create a common Platform between the patients and hospital and interweb connection between various hospitals.
 To reduce the gap in demand and supply. 
On the one hand 30% of the patients don’t get the components which they are in need of , 
and on the other hand 10-12% of the components get wasted due to expiry.


4. https://devfolio.co/submissions/pharmahelp
  
Nowadays, we have a lot of laboratories that offer us various medical tests but with more options,
 there is an increase in entropy. 
There is a need of an app that provides cheapest, safe certified and nearest laboratories with the availability of the tests they provide.
 Same is the case with pharmacies

It will increase lifesaving Chance of patients as each second in valuable in life and death situation.